Thank you.
Welcome to the Library Studio here of the
Yahowah Blog.
I'm your host, Craig Wynn,
with this real creature who is the
Wookie,
who may be joining us for a while
on this podcast if he doesn't not often
go to sleep.
We're going to pick up where we left
off on a program a day or so
ago.
Yesterday,
we vlogged from the Rainbow Studio where I
expressed my righteous indignation over
the frustration of being able to find the
words to convince a world lost in religion
and politics that
Jesus never existed,
that he is a really crappy counterfeit,
that he is no more than a myth
that was conceived by Paul in fifty two
C.E.
And that's not the worst of it.
It's not actually the worst of it,
that the most popular religion in the
world is based upon a lie from a
man who even admitted to being demon
possessed.
The worst of it.
is that jesus is a counterfeit of the
actual messiah there really is a son of
god there actually is a savior someone was
crucified representing Yahowah to fulfill
passover in thirty three c here four
thousand yeah and that individual carried
our guilt into shield
so that we would appear not guilty before
God and could enjoy the benefits of the
covenant.
He is the man that Yahowah expressly said
enabled those benefits so that we might
have eternal life via Passover,
be rendered not guilty via matzah,
and be adopted into God's family on
Bukurim.
All of that was torn asunder.
by the creation of Judaism and
Christianity,
with both religions denying Dowd's
contribution and perpetrating false
messiahs on a lost world.
And the evidence for this is overwhelming.
It's undeniable.
And having become the first person to
recognize it and to share it,
acknowledging that this is the greatest
discovery in human history.
That I've solved the most egregious crime
that has ever been perpetrated on humanity
and offered the most elegant solution ever
proposed by God.
And yet, instead of, thank you,
this is amazing, it's transformative,
you've saved me from
certain death that the result of being
misled by a religion.
You've pointed out the futility of being
political.
My life has meaning now.
I know who God is,
that he is Yahowah.
I know that he has a beloved son,
Endowed.
And I recognize that we have been invited
into his covenant by answering the
invitations to attend the Mowed Mikra.
That's not what I receive.
Nothing but vitriol and hatred and
slander.
And it's just frustrating to know the
truth, to be able to prove it,
to recognize its overall importance,
and to realize that maybe at best one
in a million are going to take advantage
of it and the rest of you.
Many will be apathetic.
and some, many, will be vitriolic,
attacking the one person with the
wherewithal to tell you the truth.
So this afternoon,
we're going to move to the Ocean Studio.
I'm going to continue with our
presentation of the greatest song ever
written, the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
But for now,
I want to share what is revealed today
by Yahowah himself through the
extraordinary prophet Yasha'yah, Isaiah.
We're turning to the fifty-sixth statement
because we just came out of a presentation
where we considered what Yahowah revealed
in what is now Yasha'yah, Isaiah, seventeen.
That's the place where we're told about
the timing of the Shavua harvest,
subsequent timing seven years later at the
end of Israel's troubles,
of the Taruwah gleaning,
how that leads to the sacrifice of the
Adam of Parah,
the restoration of a remnant of Yisrael.
and the return of our King, the Messiah,
Savior, Dowd, with Yahowah,
so that we can reenter the Garden of
Eden,
where the entire earth has been restored
to those conditions with everyone who is
religious and political eliminated from
the planet.
And during that presentation,
I wanted to assure listeners that God was
not talking about a
wheat harvest of standing grain,
simply using that as a metaphor.
He was not speaking of a harvest of
olives of Yahuwdym and the Israelites
representing them, but of their souls.
And that it is souls that are going
to disappear from this planet,
leaving bodies behind that will also
vanish.
And that presentation is simply a
metaphor.
for the most extraordinary event that will
have thus far played out in human history.
And the timing of these events begins in
as few as five months again and, uh,
eighteen months and then in seven years
and nine months.
As we work our way through the next
two iterations of Shabuwah,
May twenty-second of twenty-twenty-six,
June of twenty twenty seven and the twenty
third and twenty fourth of September.
Of twenty thirty three year six thousand
year during.
But I didn't want you to miss what.
God had to say as he introduced.
the actual result of Shabu and Taruwah and
the vanishing of actual people who are
gathered in and received at this time.
Moreover,
I didn't want you to miss what God
says thereafter,
because his condemnation thereafter is
perhaps the most searing to be found
anywhere in the Towrah and prophets.
And it appears to be directed based upon
the choice of how God scribed essentially
every verb in second person, feminine,
singular at a specific woman.
whom he has said is destined for Sheowl,
specifically because of her malfeasance
regarding the nature of the Shabuwah and
Taruwah harvests and the one that Yahowah
has assigned to oversee them,
as described in Yasha'yah, verse seventeen,
the Adama-perah, the Choter, the Zarowa.
And so this is really extraordinary
material and exceedingly pertinent for
where we are at this moment in time.
These prophecies are for you and me today.
For this is what Yahowah says.
This is what Yahowah says.
I became angry yesterday and I made two
posts today giving you the opportunity as
a listener to determine whether or not
it's appropriate for me to get that angry
and I was definitely angry yesterday.
I was not angry at anyone other than
myself for
not having the words to break through this
wall of religious and political idiocy.
Here I am.
I'm representing the king, the Messiah,
our savior, the very son of God,
his chosen one.
Come to know him better than anyone has
ever known him, well,
over the past three thousand years.
And I recognize what he has done,
which is magnificent,
and not only volunteering to fulfill
Pesach, Matzah,
and B'Kurim in thirty-three CE,
but writing about it a thousand years
before he endured it,
and then knowing at the time that he
would be rejected by virtually everyone
for the next, well,
three thousand years after he wrote the
prophecies pertaining to what he would do,
and two thousand years after he actually
did it.
And one of the things that I have
said repeatedly,
that one of the reasons we know that
the Christian New Testament is full of
shit,
and I'm just going to call it what
it is.
Yahowah uses the term bullshit all the
time.
Human excrement might be the more delicate
way of expressing the Yahowah's
denunciation of what we call the Christian
New Testament.
Human excrement.
One of the reasons you know that it
was from demon-possessed men,
Peter and Paul, Mark and Luke,
is that you will never read what I
just started here,
for this is what Yahowah says.
Never once.
Not only you won't find Yahowah's name in
the Talmud or in the New Testament or
in the Quran,
so it's not speaking for Yahowah,
and Yahowah happens to be God's one and
only name,
but never in any one of those books
ever is there,
for this is what Yahowah says.
Full stop.
If you can't write...
If you can't say,
if you can't communicate,
for this is what Yahowah says,
you are not speaking for God.
And if you're reading a text like the
entirety of the Christian New Testament
from beginning to end,
and it actually begins with the book of
Galatians and Paul's fourteen letters,
then Mark, Luke, and Acts,
which are the gospel according to Paul.
And you won't find a single reference for
this is what Yahowah says.
You know you are reading man's religious
rubbish, and it is not true.
And when it claims divine inspiration,
then it is demonic.
The same thing is true with the Talmud
and the Koran.
And it's why I uniquely at God's direction
with his inspiration,
his seven spirits guiding me every step of
the way wrote the five books,
condemning Christianity,
proving that the relation was a complete
fraud,
that the Christian new Testament is trash,
that Jesus never existed.
There was no Christ.
There is no church.
There's not a single prophecy that
predicts any of it.
All stolen from Dowd.
And this notion that the promises that God
made to Israel and to Yahuwdah were somehow
transferred to Gentiles in a church is
utter nonsense.
In fact, it's far worse than that.
It's appalling.
And then I wrote another five books
denouncing Islam,
four thousand two hundred pages proving
systematically that Allah was not God and
that Mohammed was not a prophet,
all to protect Israel from the continued
onslaught of this religion.
Was a gift from God.
And yet Israel pays no attention.
I did the previously unthinkable.
I proved the first half of the book
of Daniel and that the entirety of the
book of Ezekiel was not inspired by God.
That Daniel actually wasn't a prophet and
that Ezekiel worked for Satan
and that the book actually describes what
we are going to experience over these next
seven years,
because it focuses on the work of the
copper con, Donald Trump,
as what people would call the Antichrist,
and exactly what Satan wants to do and
achieve over these next seven years.
So three books.
in the Bible series,
five books in the goddamn religion series,
five books in the twistianity series,
all to disprove the religions whose
scriptures specifically omit,
for this is what Yahowah says.
If you don't start there,
you've got nothing, nothing.
You are blowing in the wind,
or more as they say, and graphically,
you're pissing in the wind.
You're spitting in God's face.
For this is what Yahowah says.
Now,
it's also interesting that on my Facebook
page over this last couple of weeks,
I've decided to go ahead and let all
of the naysayers,
all of the twistians rant.
We respond to them, but
not to correct them,
just simply to help those who know better
understand where they're wrong.
And almost to a person,
they don't get past the ad hominem fallacy
and they play right into Satan's hands and
say, you know, you're speaking for Satan,
you're satanic, you know,
all of this sort of thing.
And
that's precisely what satan set up you
know if you go to the fourteenth chapter
of yasha isaiah Yahowah reveals the nature
of ha-Satan the adversary and he names him
by name halal ben shakar and he tells
us what he's about he wants to be
known and worshipped as seen perceived as
elio as the very influence of god in
our world and therefore
He's the Lord God of religion.
He is Jesus.
He's Allah.
He's Hashem.
And this is the distinction between,
for this is what Yahowah says and what
you read in the Talmud,
the New Testament and the Quran.
For this is what Yahowah says,
be observant and consider.
Closely examine, evaluate,
ponder the implications of Shemar.
It's one of the most important of all
Hebrew verbs.
It's the one that God actually began his
relationship with man.
It's the very first thing that God said
to
us about Adam,
even before man was given a nesama,
a conscience,
and moved into the protective confines of
the Garden of Eden,
Yahowah told us that humanity had been
conceived for two reasons.
Two.
Not one of them was to worship him.
Not one of them was to pray to
him.
Not one of them was to bow down
to him.
Not one of them was to believe him.
That means that man was not created for
religion.
Yeah, God said there's two things.
Before man was given a nesama,
a conscience,
and moved into the protective enclosure of
Gan Eden, the Garden of Eden,
for us to understand what went wrong and
what we need to do to correct that
problem, why God gave up on man,
six thousand years ago,
and why he is giving us a new
chance here in seven and a half years,
to teach a remnant of Yisrael and Yahuwdym
and some selected goyim,
the meaning and purpose of life.
When idyllic conditions over a thousand
years, Kamsuka in, in, in, in, in, in,
in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in,
in, in, in, in, in, in,
God only mentioned two things.
You'd think that if he's God almighty and
we're in the second chapter of Bab
Rashid's Genesis, you know,
right there at the beginning of the book
of the Towrah,
and he says that humankind was conceived
for two things.
And if I would ask that question to
a hundred thousand people,
I doubt a single person could get that
right.
And what I would find if I asked
a hundred thousand people, why was God,
why did God say,
or what did God say about the conception
of man,
what he wanted achieved in the garden with
man?
Why is it that people who claim to
be Towrah observant,
people who claim that they've read their
Bible, I know what the Bible says,
people that claim to be worshiping God,
and why is it that
I don't think that you could find on
average one in a thousand people would
know the answer to this question.
So let me tell you,
he said that man would be brought into
the garden to be observant, to be Shamar.
Shamar doesn't mean to keep means to
observe.
To observe means to use our eyes,
even to use our ears,
our sense of touch,
to survey what is around us and then
process what we see and hear such that
we can make intelligent deductions
regarding it and respond accordingly.
That's what it is to be observant.
So,
Man, humankind,
was given unto some a conscience so that
we could demonstrate the capacity to
closely examine and carefully consider
what God had to say to us and
what we could learn from this environment
that's around us,
particularly on this planet being so
finely tuned for life,
and life being such an extraordinary
miracle.
Don't you know that?
You were created to be observant.
And yet I don't think there's one in
a hundred thousand people,
may not even be one in a million
people who are actually observant of what
God had to say in his Towrah and
prophets.
And that's full stop, man.
God conveyed his Towrah teaching throughout
his Nabyum prophets and his Towrah
instructions are filled with Nabi
prophecy.
But apart from the Towrah and prophets,
there is nothing from God.
And yet,
nearly one in a million people pays
attention to what God had to say.
So he asked us to be observant.
The other thing he asked us to do
was to work, to work,
to observe and to act.
to consider and engage.
Meshach, the Hebrew word for work,
to do things, to act, to engage,
to make a contribution.
You see,
God's not looking for people who spend
their time worshiping him or praying to
him or making donations to him or
Any such religious rot.
He's looking for people who are willing to
make a contribution, to act, to work,
to do something.
And that something has to be based upon
the thing that came first, observing,
considering, and then responding.
How do you get faith and belief from
there?
How do you get to religion from there?
But they do.
So this is what Yahowah says.
Be observant and consider the means to
exercise good judgment and justly resolve
disputes, making sound decisions.
Mishpat.
Do you know that they, not damn rabbis,
have turned Mishpat into religious laws
and edicts?
The word has nothing to do with religion,
nothing to do with faith.
The word is a compound of two very
important Hebrew words, 'may,
which is an interrogatory,
it means to ponder the implications of
what follows, and Shaphat is to judge,
to decide, to make sound decisions,
to exercise good judgment,
to resolve disputes,
Then, asha.
Then, God says, be, Yahowah says,
be observant,
closely considering and examining the
means to exercise good judgment and make
sound decisions.
Then, act, then engage.
Then you're in a position that you can
act upon and engage in that which is
Tsadaqah.
What a combination of words.
Kiko, Yahowah, Amar, shamar, Mishpat, asa,
Tsadaqah.
If you just paid attention to what Yahowah
said at the beginning,
you'd be in a position to be among
those who are going to be drawn in,
withdrawn, harvested on Shabuwah.
But it's hard to do, I know,
when you're reading a religious publicized
Bible because the translations are crappy.
They remove Yahowah's name,
replace it with the Lord God.
They replace shamar with keep.
They make Mishpat deeds that must be done,
but it gets it before the verb to
do.
When they know that Mishpat is based upon
shavat and shavat means to judge.
They know that.
Then engage, act.
Well,
that's a whole world away from faith,
isn't it?
Believing, no,
God's not interested in your belief.
Act on that which is Tsadaq.
You know the two things that Yahowah says
more about Dowd than any other,
his beloved son, his chosen one?
The two are that he is Gabor, strong,
courageous, firm.
Powerful.
Has conviction.
Confidence.
No fear.
He's Gabor.
He's the antithesis of humble and meek.
And second, that he is Tsadaq.
Right.
Vindicated.
Acquitted.
Correct.
Just.
Verifiable.
for this is what Yahowah says.
Be observant,
closely examining and carefully
considering the means to exercise good
judgment and make sound decisions,
Mishpat, and engage, act upon, asha,
that which is tsadaq, correct,
and vindicating.
Because my Yasha'yah,
my deliverance and resulting salvation,
are approaching, they're close,
and this is intimately personal.
Qarowb la'aniy.
I'm telling you,
this prophecy is for right now and for
you at this moment,
giving you explicit instructions as how
you can capitalize,
or you can continue to be a religious
numbskull, happy to be rid of you.
God is thrilled with the possibility
of forming a relationship with one in a
million and disbanding all the rest.
So I don't really care.
You can be religious.
I'm gonna entertain you just because I
want everyone to know how stupid religion
really is.
But the fact is the only way to
God is to be observant,
to closely examine and carefully consider
how to exercise good judgment
and then engage upon that which is Tsadaq,
right about God.
And you're going to find what's right
about God and the Towrah and Abihuah
Mizmowr.
Full stop.
And since the translations of those things
are horrible,
I encourage you to read books like this.
All free at yadayah.com.
The one I just held, Etz Sarah,
Time of Trouble,
is the ninth volume of the Yadayah series,
which is the signature series of this
library.
It is filled with my amplified
translations of God's testimony throughout
the Towrah and prophets to tell you exactly
what's going to happen over the next seven
years and nine months.
Future history delivered today.
You can be right.
You can study time as we move through
this next period of the time of Yahowah's
troubles.
You can quite simply come to know Yahowah,
who he is, what he is offering,
and what he is expecting in return.
All of that's being offered up freely to
you.
Because he says his deliverance and
resulting salvation, they're eminent,
they're intimate, they're near,
they're approaching.
If you are listening and right,
you're observant,
you're exercising good judgment about
this,
and you're engaged in acting, then well,
you may participate in the upcoming
Shabuwah harvest.
If you then listen to the two witnesses
who will return,
you may be gleaned on Taruwah.
If not,
and you at least issue religion and
politics to the extent that Yahowah thinks
you're salvageable,
then you may benefit from the Adamah Pura
on Taruwah.
and witness those return with Yahowah and
enter Gan Eden so that you have a thousand
years to get your act together.
All of this is gonna play out over
the next seven and a half years.
Yahowah's deliverance and resulting
salvation are approaching and they are
intimately personal.
Therefore,
the one who is correct about me
The one who is right about Yahowah.
He will come.
He will be revealed.
Yahowah is talking about us right now.
Only five months to the beginning of the
time of Yisrael's trouble.
And Shavua.
Eighteen months from the final Shaboah
that could serve as this harvest.
And only seven years and a few months
to the very end.
There's only one who has.
been spoken of who is correct about
Yahowah,
that has written series and series of
books, thirty-five in total.
Sorry, I'm only able to use one hand.
Wookie has got the other.
Wookie likes to be petted,
and so Wookie is my buddy,
and I take care of my buddy.
Thirty-five of these.
They're all free in their entirety.
They include the first ever amplified
translation of Yahowah's testimony.
First time ever that a translation has
been provided where the generic form of
every term is presented so that you can
copy and paste it into a search engine
and verify the accuracy of the translation
for yourself.
Never been done.
first time that a translator has said,
this is how I came to those meanings.
This is how I pursued the verbal route
to deduce the proper connotation.
This is why I stripped it of the
diacritical markings and found this
meaning.
This is what I found when I went
more than a thousand years beyond the
The Masoretic to the Dead Sea Scrolls.
And as a result, there are tens,
at least ten thousand,
profound insights contained in those books
that no one has ever witnessed before.
Thirty-five of them at yadayah.com.
Go to yadayah.com.
Everything there is free.
Don't even ask you for your email.
Don't.
ask you for a donation.
There is no place to make a donation.
No one has ever made a donation and
you're not gonna be the first.
It's all there for you to read.
Read it, benefit from it or not.
I don't really care.
It's up to you whether or not you
want to learn who Yahowah is,
what he's offering and what he's expecting
in return.
All God said is that he is going
to reveal and then deliver
the person to do this very thing.
He has upwards of a thousand prophecies
regarding this individual.
And there's only one individual who has
recognized them and recognized himself in
them and has come to you to demonstrate
that he is able to prove emphatically that
God spoke of him in these ways,
that he is the children,
that he is the Nakry.
that he is the anima para,
that he is the man from Edom,
that he is the Bashar Herald,
that he is the cold voice,
that he is the lesser of the two
luminaries serving as signs of the Mowedym
on behalf of the greater luminary,
that he is the tree of knowledge pointing
back to the tree of lives.
God said he would do this.
God does not lie.
This is God speaking to us in first
person.
He said that he would deliver an
individual who was right about him.
One who is correct,
one who is vindicating.
He said he would be revealed.
You're listening to him.
And the reason I know this is because
there are, as I say,
a thousand references to this job.
The Nakry is foremost among them as a
observant foreigner.
The first mention, of course,
is the Khatan Mayor, the lesser luminary.
The next would be the Etz Da'ath,
Tree of Knowledge.
So this declaration, of course,
is reminiscent of what we read in the
twenty-ninth chapter of Dabarym,
Deuteronomy,
where God promises the arrival of ha-Nakry,
the observing foreigner.
It's reminiscent of what Solomon advised
on the Sermon on the Mount, on Taruwah,
right after he completed the house for
Yahowah's name.
and said that the ha-Nakry would arrive at
this time to speak to God's people and
that you needed to listen to him if
you wanted to benefit from him.
God and those who have spoken for him,
including Yasha'yah,
are acknowledging the arrival of this
individual to guide you back home.
Now,
having studied the Towrah and the prophets
and the writings,
and especially the Psalms and Proverbs of
Dowd,
the ha-Nakry observant and responsive
foreigner has come to know what is right.
He appreciates the appropriate way to the
benefits of the Bayeth covenant and how
they are delivered by the fulfillment of
the Miqraey invitations,
which Dowd exemplified and fulfilled.
He would be correct regarding the means of
deliverance from our guilt,
our vindication, even salvation,
which occur as a result of what father
and son achieved in fulfilling Chag Matzah
in year four thousand year,
thirty three CE.
Be observant, be judgmental.
And you can be right, too.
And be included as part of God's family.
Now, since there is no other goy,
or even a Yehud,
who has written and spoken about Yahowah,
reintroducing Yahowah's name,
recognizing the Dowd is not just the
Messiah and the Son of God,
the Chosen One, returning King,
but he is the Savior who fulfilled Pesach
Matsah Bikuwrym.
There were no other options.
And God wanted it to be that way.
There's no one who has written anything
comparable to the thirty-five volumes,
twenty-five thousand pages of translations
and commentary at yadayah.com.
I don't know if you just have an
appreciation of how extraordinary that is.
Five books denouncing Israel's foremost
foe at this moment, which is Islam,
and to survive it.
Five books denouncing the myth of Jesus,
being the first to prove that he never
existed.
He says nothing but a crude counterfeit of
Dowd in the Twistianity volumes,
five of them.
And he takes all of that grief from
Christians every day so that you might
know the truth about Dowd.
Nothing like this has ever existed before.
The Bible series denouncing Judaism.
And then another twenty two books.
All devoted to proving that I was God.
And that he inspired his Towrah teaching.
And that he is inviting you to participate
in the birth covenant by way of the
seven.
Mowedym.
Restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony.
And now at his request, the Yahowah vlog.
So you're witnessing the fulfillment of
this prophecy and so many others.
Yahowah inspired Yasha'yah Isaiah to convey
this promise so that you would know how
to proceed, what you should observe.
what you should act upon,
what you should think about,
and then what you should do,
how you should engage.
Because the world is filled with deceitful
and deadly influencers,
including Paul and Peter, Mark and Luke,
the myth of Jesus, Akiba and Maimonides,
Hashem and Adonai,
Muhammad and Allah.
And of course,
so many more today on X and Facebook
and YouTube.
God in his own voice continues with the
word of words,
the word that was the first word that
I translated, twenty-four years ago now,
the first word that my King, our Savior,
wrote.
Three thousand years ago.
The first word of the first song he
sang.
Ashley,
blessed by the benefits of the
relationship, joyous and productive,
knowing the proper path to walk to receive
the greatest joy in life, is the person,
the immortal man
who acts upon and who engages in this.
Because the son of man by Shemar observing
the Shabbat, the promise of seven,
and by not defiling and profaning it,
making it common, therefore religious,
he is empowered and strengthened.
He is enlightened and restored Chazaq by
it.
God detests the idleness of being meek,
being someone who is timid,
someone who is mild-mannered, despises it.
It's a waste of time,
it's a waste of a soul.
God says that he himself is Chazaq.
He says that his beloved son is Chazaq.
He says that his Choter,
his knackery is Chazaq.
His influence in the world is Chazaq.
It's not about meek,
it's not about modest,
it's not about timid.
It's about being Chazaq.
Yes,
I posed the question in my post today
and again yesterday,
saying that I broke my normal process,
which is to be strong at times,
even to raise my voice and be stern,
expressing righteous indignation and went
all the way to anger yesterday over this
enormous frustration.
of not only knowing the truth but
understanding how profoundly important the
truth is and how abusive the lies have
become and how pervasive they have become
and to be the first person who knows
all of this and can prove it and
share it with you and to see so
few people capitalize.
So I did ask a question because I'm
curious as to what people have to say,
but I know the answer.
The answer is that this individual that
Yahowah says he is going to deliver,
who is going to be right about him,
and that he will be revealed for you
to see that he is Chazaq.
He understands the power of Asher.
which is the means to receive the benefits
of the relationship.
That he is all about Asha, working, doing,
engaging, being steadfast and dependable.
This man, this Enosh,
this mortal human is Shamar, observant.
Imagine.
Spending ten, twelve,
fourteen hours a day,
six and seven days a week for twenty-four
years studying Yahowah's testimony and
reporting on what he has found,
which is what he has done.
It doesn't get more Shemar than that.
He understands the promise of seven.
exactly the time that we're in that
promise,
that there are seven lights on that
menorah over my shoulder,
and they represent the seven, Mowed Miqraey.
And that the first three have been
fulfilled, the next two are harvest.
And then we celebrate the family reunion
and reconciliation,
followed by our return to the garden.
He knows exactly where we are in that
timeline,
just seven years and nine months
from year six thousand YAH,
where we began the seventh millennia in
the garden to be released from it,
celebrating the eighth octave.
He knows all about the promise of seven.
And he is not chalal,
one who would defile or profane anything
that YAH has to say by being popular.
You can check my credentials at X
where I have a thirty thousand posts and
less than twenty one hundred followers.
I know all about how to remain unpopular,
which is as God would have it be.
But more than anything,
I'm tough as nails.
I am all about
Demonstrating God's preference for Chazaq,
particularly at this time,
when God's people continue to blather
religiously and politically,
continue to be so obnoxious towards him
through Judaism and Marxism.
It's time to be Chazaq.
You know,
John was said explicitly through Jeremiah,
the thirty-first chapter,
when he said he's gonna reaffirm the
covenant.
And he says that his reaffirmation of the
covenant is not going to be as it
was,
three thousand four hundred and fifty
years previous during the Exodus,
when he was Chazaq with them.
He is not going to personally grab them
by the hand and drag them kicking and
screaming out of religion and politics.
and to the promised land.
You're not gonna do that again.
But it doesn't mean that he won't find
somebody who will do it for him,
who will be Chazaq.
Firm, tough, resilient, un-malleable.
Here it is again, third time.
We're not even out of the second
statement, third time.
By being Shamar, by being observant,
his hand and everything he influences will
be kept from acting and engaging upon a
Shah, again, anything that is unjust,
immoral, or irrational, raw.
he is the antithesis of this god delivered
him inspired him for this very purpose and
as much as the religious and the
conspiratorial the political want him want
to condemn him for being raw unjust
immoral and irrational god says the
opposite even though
The naysayers have sites of we hate Craig.
God says, he's right, you're wrong.
Do not say regarding Ha-Nakar,
the observant son of a foreign land.
The one who knows and understands through
thoughtful examination and then
acknowledges by being discerning and
respectful.
What is that title?
It was Ha-Nakar.
Ha-Nakar and Ha-Nakry are speaking of the
same individual.
This is the observant foreigner.
This is the very person Yahowah chose to
serve his people at this time,
to reintroduce his name as Yahowah,
to reacquaint them with the actual Messiah
and Son of God,
who is the returning king who fulfilled
Chag Matzah Pesach Matzah B'Kurim in
thirty-three C.E.
to serve as our savior.
He is the Nakar,
the one that Yahowah said he would deliver,
who is right, who would reveal the way.
He is Ha-Nakar.
You know,
the prophecy of the Nakry has been in
the Towrah for three thousand four hundred
and fifty years.
Do you know that the prophecy regarding
the Nacre has been in Chronicles,
words of the day,
for just shy of three thousand years?
This reference throughout
Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
in the very voice of Yahowah,
has proclaimed the arrival of Ha-Nakar for
twenty-seven hundred years.
Anybody that studied the Towrah and
prophets knows of the Nakar.
They know what the word means.
It's an observant foreigner.
They know the prophecies are there,
and they haven't got a clue as to
when they must be fulfilled,
how they will be fulfilled,
why they will be fulfilled,
or who will fulfill them.
You know,
there are scores of references to
Hanukkah, to ha-Nakry.
There isn't a single reference to
HaMashiach showing up
at some time in the future to save
the day.
And yet everybody is focused on the return
of a HaMashiach to save the day and
Yahowah speaking of Hanukkah.
Why?
Well, I know why God's doing it.
Why are the religious so oblivious?
Do not say regarding Hanukkah,
the observant son of a foreign land who
knows, understands,
who has examined and then acknowledged
being discerning and respectful,
who has formed a relationship with Yahowah.
Do you know how many Hanukkah candidates
there are out there who have formed a
relationship with Yahowah?
Just one, one.
And that's not only true now,
it's true of the last twenty four years.
There is one.
This is astonishingly important,
not because of of who I am.
It's because of what I have to say.
And it's not because it's my opinion.
It's because, according to Yahowah,
I am right about him.
I'm right about his beloved son, Dowd.
I am right about what God is offering
and expects in return.
I am right about what went wrong in
the garden and how we're going to correct
it.
I am right about where we stand in
this timeline.
A matter of five months from the beginning
of Israel's troubles.
I'm right about the day that Yahowah is
going to return and who he's going to
return with.
That is Dowd.
and when these two harvests are going to
occur prior to that time,
and then what Sukkah represents going
forward.
Now,
if you think this is egotistical or
somehow presumptive to recognize that
these prophecies have been here between
two thousand seven hundred and three
thousand four hundred years,
and that they apply to one person in
human history,
I would tell you exactly the opposite.
The very realization that I understand
them should tell you that I am what
I understand.
They have been there.
They call to us.
They are profoundly important.
And I'm the first person to understand
what they say.
And I also recognize that just as Dowd
fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym,
allowed the Romans to crucify his body on
Pesach, that he entered Sheowl, hell,
carrying our guilt so that we could appear
perfect before God on Matzah,
and then went and fulfilled Bikuwrym,
firstborn children,
enriching and empowering us as the Bakowr,
firstborn of God,
and knew
what he was going to endure and recognize
that his people would all spit on him,
that they would disavow him,
that they would never acknowledge that he
is the son of God,
that he is the Messiah,
that he is our savior,
that he is the returning king,
and that the most popular religion in the
world would create a counterfeit to rob
him of all of this.
And yet he did it anyway, didn't he?
Do you think that that was an honor?
Do you think that was a distinction?
No,
but it was what needed to be done
and he did it.
The same thing is true of ha-Nakar here.
It isn't an honor because anyone who
speaks for God,
who does what God wants done is
besmirched.
Fewer than one in a million people
recognize him for what he is doing,
acknowledge his contribution.
All the rest either ignore him,
which is apathy towards this level of
dedication is extraordinary.
And this Ha-Nakar gets to serve as the
Adam of Parah.
He too was bludgeoned to death by the
beast to fulfill a Mowed Miqraey, his Taruwah,
as opposed to Dowd's Pesach.
It's a tough damn job.
And God had a lot to say about
it.
And he said a lot about it,
not because it was appropriate for you to
suggest that he is satanic,
for you to condemn him,
for you to slander him,
which is what happens
throughout social media because the
religious are so badly misled that you can
serve them the truth on a silver platter
and they'll throw it back in your face.
Do not say regarding ha-Nakar,
this one that Yahowah promised to deliver,
who was right about him,
who has a relationship with Yahowah
Who is Enosh,
a mortal man at this time?
This observant foreigner who has formed
this relationship with Yahowah,
something which would infer or suggest
Yahowah has abandoned me,
preventing me from being included as part
of his family.
Not time to have the woe is me
anymore,
particularly if you are a Israelite.
God is saying that you need to stop
the pity party,
that you need to listen and accept his
invitation to participate in the Bayeth
covenant by way of the fulfilled Mowed
Miqraey.
Now, based upon what you learn,
that's being shared by Yahowah through his
neckar.
Jews played a horrible game during the
Holocaust.
They blamed God for their plight rather
than accept responsibility for themselves.
They did the same thing during the Roman
assault on the province of Yahuwdah.
I'm sure many did the same thing even
during
The onslaught of Alaska flood.
God's saying it's time to stop that.
Yahowah is not precluding or preventing you
from being included into his covenant
family.
The invitation has always been there.
You've just neglected it.
And let not the esteemed and authorized
designee say,
what now if I become a silenced counselor?
or muted messenger.
Now, that was for me.
God doesn't want me to ever ponder,
what if it just gets to be too
much to bear?
What if I have a Moshe moment where,
and numbers, Bamidbar Levin,
After just three days out of Qarowb,
the children of Israel became so
belligerent, so obnoxious.
Moshe went to God and said,
how dare you have me do this?
You know these people are impossible.
If you have any compassion for me at
all,
you'll kill me right now because I can't
bear them.
No one can deal with these irascible
people.
And so now God has put me before
them, before you,
knowing full well that you haven't changed
one iota since the belligerence of the
Exodus.
God is putting me before you as he
put Dowd before you.
Where Dowd and his youth survived so many
challenges,
but yet he managed to write over a
hundred beautiful Psalms and Proverbs.
But in the end, it became too much.
She rebelled against him,
tried to steal the very authority that God
had given him.
And it just became too much.
And God is now saying to the Nakry,
this Nakar.
Yes,
you are the designated and authorized
designee.
But just because they're embittered,
just because they're obnoxious,
just because they're religious or shrill
and confused,
you cannot say that what would happen if
I was silenced or muted.
Nor can anyone who would attack me say,
well,
maybe if we just silence this person who
has proven that Jesus never existed,
that Hashem isn't God,
that Allah isn't God.
Maybe we just silence him and everything
will be okay because then we could
continue to believe that which is not
credible and not be bothered by it.
I say, no, you don't have that luxury.
You don't have the time.
It's not a luxury by the way,
but you don't have the time.
So Yahowah has provided this advice.
How you respond is up to you.
In a world rife with irrational and
immoral thought police and muddled and
conspiracy theories,
while greatly outnumbered,
our message will not be drowned out by
the many complainers and critics nor muted
before the harvests are complete by the
resolutely political.
Twenty-four years ago,
I was alone in this endeavor,
and now there are many who are
contributing along with me.
We have a family of covenant members all
devoted to bringing you this message.
God is not going to allow his witness
to be drowned out or suppressed.
Together, we're going to prevail,
and largely as a result of this Yahowah
vlog.
something which we live stream every week,
sometimes twice a day.
And oh, by the way,
we're going to begin hopefully today,
if not today, tomorrow,
to produce what will be upwards of fifty
intermediates, we'll call them.
They're not going to be short,
not only a minute long,
they'll range between probably five
minutes and thirty minutes only.
But we have created a timeline and that
Out of that timeline,
there are four epics that we're going to
discuss the seminal events of those epics
and what they mean to you now.
And we're going to bolster all of that
with a narrative.
And we're going to begin recording those
either late today or tomorrow.
So it'll be quite the process as we
work through creating this resource at the
yadayah.com website.
To the contrary, Yahowah says.
This is what Yahowah conveys on behalf of
individuals who have been castrated as a
result of their position that they have
taken as leaders of those who provide
guidance regarding the benefits of the
relationship by being, there it is again,
consistently observant and
actively attentive, Shamar.
During my Shabbat, my promise of seven,
who evaluate and choose Bashar to walk
along the correct path in Asher for the
fourth time, I believe,
in deference to me,
out of respect for me.
eager to please me,
wanting to experience this with me,
and who are willing to demonstrate an
intense desire to learn about,
to be steadfastly committed to,
and to be empowered by my covenant.
Bayeth Eni.
This is who we are,
this is what we do.
Long ago,
I came to recognize that the centerpiece
of Yahowah's story is his Bayeth,
his covenant.
There's only one of them.
The concept of it becomes really quite
clear in the story of Noach and the
ark.
But it is articulated with great detail,
with Yahowah himself providing the
narrative
pursuant to the five conditions of that
covenant and five benefits from it.
And those five benefits are all delivered
by Dowd having fulfilled Chag Matzah,
Pisach, Matzah,
and Bikuwrym in year four thousand.
The covenant is the only reason that the
universe exists, that life prevails.
that we were brought into the garden,
we were given a nesama, conscience,
that we are now being offered a second
chance.
The exemplar of the covenant is Doe David,
according to Yahowah,
and I concur with him.
But it is the only way to escape
this planet alive.
It is the...
Entirety of God's purpose is encapsulated
in this one word, Bayeth.
It's a family covenant relationship.
You see, God enjoys being infinite.
He enjoys life.
He enjoys what he has created,
and he wants to share it.
But he has to have those he shares
it with be responsible, be dependable,
be shamar.
good explorers,
be workers who are willing to make a
contribution, not dead baits.
And so those that he empowers and enriches
to the extent that they're able to soar
through the dimensions of four time, five,
six,
and into the seventh dimension
they will all have benefited from
precisely what we're talking about now.
That Yahowah is providing guidance
regarding the benefits of the relationship
and the importance of being consistently
observant,
particularly on the promise of seven,
because that is what that menorah
represents.
Who evaluate and choose to walk along the
correct path out of respect for me,
for Yahowah.
eager to experience all of this with
Yahowah,
and who are willing to demonstrate an
intense desire to learn about,
to be steadfastly committed to,
to become empowered by my covenant.
In the Yadda Yahowah series,
there are now thirty-five books.
There's only one subject that is
where only one of those,
only one subject is presented.
The same subject.
There is a series in the Yada Yahowah
blog called Family that is entirely
devoted to the narrative of the covenant.
There is an entire volume of observations
called Covenant devoted entirely to the
covenant relationship.
And this is the essence of virtually
everything I have written in the Coming
Home series.
It's all about the covenant.
So there's so many of these devoted to
this family relationship because it's what
God is offering and it comes with five
conditions and five benefits.
if you want to be right.
I will offer freely giving to them in
my home and in my family.
Bayeth is the basis of Beryth.
The only difference between the two words
is the addition of the Rosh,
which is a thoughtful, observant man.
That's how it was drawn.
And within my protective enclosure, Choma.
Choma is important because we were
auditioned for this covenant family in
Eden and failed.
We're going to be brought back into a
protective enclosure where the entire
planet is returned to the conditions of
Eden so that this mortal remnant has the
opportunity to become bereft.
So I will offer freely giving to them
in my home and in my family and
within my protective enclosure,
an outstretched welcoming and empowering
hand.
He spoke of that hand,
that hand that was Chazaq in the previous
statement.
A hand reaching out to you to lift
you out of religion and politics so that
you can come to know Yahowah and be
part of his covenant family.
My protective enclosure, an outstretched,
welcoming and empowering hand and a name,
a name which is even better than other
sons and daughters.
Well,
currently the greatest name that has been
born by any human is Yahuwd.
It means beloved of Yahuwd.
It's a combination of Yahowah's name and
Dowd's name, Yahuwd, beloved of Yah.
And so he's saying there will be a
name even greater than Yahuwd,
even greater than, well, all names,
but of course, Yahowah and Dowd.
We will become sons and daughters of God,
then Yahowah.
And I will give to him and them
an outstretched and eternal designation
and reputation, a shem,
which for having shared the benefits of
the relationship will never be removed or
taken away.
To be included among these individuals,
you must be shamar, observant.
You must be Tsadaq.
right.
You must be a shah, engaged, active,
participating.
You must appreciate the value of Yahowah's
name.
You must listen to the one that he
has sent to you at this time.
You must have an appreciation for the
value of the Bayeth covenant.
Understand that it has five conditions and
five benefits and how those benefits are
delivered.
And how the first of those five conditions
preclude anyone participating who is
religious and political.
And so this is what is being offered
to you,
that you can receive an eternal
designation,
the benefits of an everlasting
relationship with Yahowah himself,
if you capitalize on what is being shared
with you now by ha-Nakar,
this observant foreigner.
Because God says,
and this has been Isaiah's fifty-six-five,
here's Isaiah fifty-six-six,
because the children of Ha-Nakar,
the observant and discerning foreigner,
have formed a relationship with Yahowah.
How could there be a more meaningful
prophecy at this time?
then God in this moment saying that his
salvation,
his deliverance is near and that you need
to be especially observant about this and
you need to exercise good judgment
regarding it because it is essential that
you act upon what is right and that
he in this regard will absolutely be
sending
His representative who is right about him
and that he will be perceived, seen,
acknowledged,
and that God goes on to say that
he is a mortal man,
a son of Adam,
a person with an Osama.
And that he has a very close relationship
with the Yahowah.
and that he knows the way to the
benefits of the relationship.
And he's going to share all of this
with you.
And that he has been introduced now twice
in this prophecy alone as Ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
which means he can be a rabbi.
And because he has a relationship with
Yahowah,
he can't be a Christian and he can't
be a Muslim.
He's gotta be somebody who loves Yahowah's
name.
who Yada knows Yahowah.
And he is ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner.
And...
If you are among the children,
which is the covenant,
it's a family relationship.
Yahowah just said,
it's all about the covenant, the Beryth.
And then he said,
you'll be invited into my home,
which is Beryth, as what?
If you're dealing with a covenant family
and being invited into Yahowah's home,
you would be his children, the children.
of the Nakar, this Ha-Nakar,
will have formed a relationship with?
Yahowah.
He's not here.
I'm not here.
For you to form a relationship with me,
there's a goddamn group of clicky women
out there who have nothing to do with
their lives other than to
try to establish something to fill the
void in their meaningless existence by
hashtagging my name and smearing my
reputation.
Who will deny that there even is a
ha-Nakar,
even though Yahowah says it profoundly in
his Towrah and his prophets and the
writings.
And here's the important part of this that
they miss
And I don't want you to miss.
You're not forming a relationship with me.
They would call it the cult of Craig.
I don't have a cult.
I don't have a following.
I don't want a following.
We have no secret handshake.
You can't donate any money to me.
We don't have a secret enclave.
We don't have a little clubhouse.
Everything I say and do is on behalf
of Yahowah.
Full stop.
If you listen to what I have to
say,
you closely examine and carefully consider
it.
You exercise good judgment regarding it.
You become right and act upon it.
then you become the children,
not of the Nakar,
but the very children of God.
You develop a relationship with Yahowah.
Those who benefit by being able to
participate in the covenant as a result of
what I have written and learned and shared
on behalf of Yahowah,
Don't become my followers.
They don't engage in a relationship with
me.
I'm not your daddy.
I'm the one who is a witness showing
you the way to daddy.
You're developing a relationship with
Yahowah if you listen to and act upon
what Yahowah has inspired me to tell you,
including that Jesus never existed.
that Hashem isn't God's name,
that the rabbis have led generations of
Jews astray,
that Allah is no more God than a
rock, that the New Testament is trash,
that the Talmud is appalling.
If you want to be a child of
God,
If you want to engage in a relationship
with Yahowah, it is through his covenant.
And the one person who has come to
know those terms and conditions and how to
meet them and benefit from them is
ha-Nakar.
Full stop.
No one else ever has learned this or
shared it.
nor repudiated the religious lies that
conceal it.
One person,
one person only throughout all of time is
Hanukkah.
And Yahowah was very clear.
If you benefit from what I have to
say and act upon it,
then you will become
one of those who is engaged in a
relationship with the Yahowah.
I hope that's good enough for you.
Certainly good enough for me.
And we're gonna stop there.
I thank you for listening to this program.
I know what I have said is controversial,
but what I'm conveying to you is exactly
what God said.
If you don't like it,
I would advise you not to take it
up with him because he won't like you
very much either.
I would advise you to let down your
guard, to open up your mind,
to use your eyes and your ears,
to read and to listen to what God
has to say to the one who is
in a close personal relationship with him
called ha-Nakar, the observant foreigner.
and benefit from it.